here are the images that were taken during the accident
bike
the directors of the systems
thanks to them
to appeal
a mother at this time close to the antenna
the pilot wanted to land at barns who wanted to refuel
advanced like that you have to land on a mobile platform so that
helicopters can then be removed to the station of 150
plots were 39 points
it is worth to me any other form speaking very fantastic in Bordeaux ranking
do not pronounce themselves
it's this week that the scene
Mass
in turn control asked him to land on this platform
but the traits 3 first he did not want to shoot from it and after his skate
slipped and flipped
we are not judging
recently an important step is important
he had bad luck as I said the platform is very narrow and
the helicopter must land in a very precise way
he misjudged distance and he passed with one of the skates and that's it
enough is a woman's shot is unique because we test in this context because
that as we can
in room on request
this mobile platform landing a surface
nick fury of 6 meters on three fifty meters was causing
the accident
if to dare to ask for extreme precision
although experienced amateur pilots who had rented in June did not
air is needed
the use of this type of platform is extremely
the driver who was able to extricate itself from the cabin is still in shock
remember by the way because apple will not appeal status quo the peer-to-peer duck
is a little blues accents the pilot was lucky she's fine he did not
been seriously hurt he is naturally very shocked
today he stayed at home to rest but given the
circumstances will not happen again was a great opportunity to do the
Party
completely destroyed the helicopter has already been moved into the hangars
ten high school students out of sight
for further examinations
the accident caused no casualties or injuries but the material damage
are estimated at one point 3 million francs
an investigation was initiated to determine the exact circumstances of the
this crash on landing
the flood at the museum to the point where we can only wish the investigated office
about aviation accidents with the police opened an investigation and
now we are going to establish the feasts of what went wrong
and why not exactly this accident happened on the road we can also
think
This series of accidents nevertheless remains extremely